once on all the same pay attention
buying a mobil blog
let's look at my example
the car
but
first of all, but first of all for sure
said this to you my car to my
here we are and beg a car offering
start the inspection here it is the car
ready for visual inspection
now we have the opportunity
pay attention to
every levin
see what he did wrong
compliance conclusions
let's look under the hood
interesting desire itself 5
mother is always what we saw there
I mean
here it is the engine
both heart of the car
here you can look at his
mind dust but if anything it
you can always wash everything here visually
okay
will inspect the car home
and pour that car but for that
need
lift need special knowledge we
waited not possessed
if suddenly if we really want
better contact your dealer
happy to provide you with services
diagnose now I suggest to look
car inside say that
here is the zone of our comfort zone
if we are uncomfortable
the car is most likely not soon us
enjoy get in the car tune
Knuckle chair look so that you were
convenient to drive this car
look at the location of the pedals
some cars they also
is regulated
instrument availability
activity well and still beauty to you in
do this car hold mass
time in my opinion is all here
perfectly
skin like a new beauty clean and in general
car care now offer
start the engine and go to
Test Drive
here we are in the car engine
wound up will surely reach the belt
security
your safety above all I
set up the role of the seat uncomfortable
running long control can turn on
even a little bit of music you fired up
green light and we try the car on
what to look for as
car accelerates
krukova speaker on the road is important yes
not always in the city of mattresses
this is a useful vacation
further attention needs to be paid
on the maneuverability of the car
comfortable
fuck
to buy a car
the model is quite long
almost 5 meters or maybe even all
five but try team time
but three bands I think for such a car
fine
here is another acceleration
I like
you look at the lack of vibration if
have any suspicions
this is a reason to contact the service any
vibration should not be but if we
you are not going by some ear we are going to
our city
smooth road nothing prevents us
to drive a car
Well, then you have to decide if
I like it, I can buy my own
I'm not going to sell the car
meetings